Hi All,

Hope you're enjoying your break! Come Winter Quarter, Bruin Racing will be participating in Toyota and SAE's Learn Twice - A World In Motion (AWIM) initiative with Warner Elementary once again. Last year, we worked with their Fourth Grade students on a fuel cell toy car challenge. This year, we will be helping instruct their Third Grade students on a pinball design challenge. The program is a great opportunity to do outreach, impact the community, and help promote an interest in STEM. It's also a lot of fun, looks good on resumes, and earns us money from Toyota.

The lessons generally run between 30 minutes and an hour, with variance from week to week and depending on the structure decided upon by the teacher and our classroom lead. They aren't technically difficult and give a nice break from school. Warner is about a 15 minute walk from the Shop, so the time commitment will not be more than 12:30-2:30 PM on days you have lessons and will likely be less.

If you are interested in volunteering, you need to do three things: 1. Sign up for times and indicate leadership interest. You can find the sign-up form here. As far as the duties of being a lead, they generally do not go beyond communicating with teachers about scheduling, light lesson planning, and consistent involvement in the program. 2. Register as a volunteer with the LAUSD. The LAUSD volunteer website is here. Choose "Community Member", then "Register". Fill in your personal information, then for volunteer type be sure to choose community member. Fill in your contact information. When selecting the school , BE SURE to choose "WARNER AVE EL". Choose the days you are free, or if not sure yet choose M, W, R, F. Then choose "Classroom" and say 3 hours. 3. Get a Tuberculosis test, or get proof of one in the last 4 years. You need to bring proof of current TB test with you on your first day of volunteering, which will be within the first few weeks of the quarter. It takes about 2 days to get results if I remember correctly.

The deadline to sign up on our internal form is the end of 2017. 

If you're curious what the program is about or how it is to volunteer, check out the AWIM website and speak with people who volunteered last year. 

Thank you all, and have a happy New Year!

Best,

Owen



-- 
Owen Hemminger
University of California Los Angeles, B.S. M.E. ('19)
Bruin Racing | Director
Formula SAE | Managing Director
owen.hemminger@bruinracing.org | (408) 694-7111
-- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "All Members" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to all+unsubscribe@bruinracing.org.
